docs: add cli validate (#5654)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/guides/cli/how-to-use-lightdash-validate.mdx

import AutomaticallyDeployChangesGithub from './../../snippets/github-secrets.mdx';

# Lightdash Validate

> You can trigger a validation on a project from the CLI, this will allow you to block a release (using Github actions) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check to see if your changes break any of the content in your project using `lightdash validate`. This command will run the validator which will return a list of content in your project that is broken and details about the errors. 

You can trigger a validation on a project using the Lightdash CLI so you can check locally if your changes will break anything. You can also add `lightdash validate` to your [GitHub Actions](/guides/cli/how-to-use-lightdash-validate.mdx/configure-github-actions) so changes can't be merged unless they pass the validation. 
```

if a table/chart/dashboard is broken on a [preview environment](/guides/cli/how-to-use-lightdash-preview). 

Preview environments will copy all spaces/charts/dashboards into your new preview environment. 
This is only copied on preview creation, you can't sync the content afterwards. 

## Usage 

```
# This will trigger a validation for the last preview project you create using `lightdash start-preview`
lightdash validate 
```

or 

```
# Trigger validation for any project UUID 
lightdash validate --project <project uuid> 
``` 

![CLI validate](./assets/cli-validate.png)

> ## Configure Github actions  

Reviewer: Can we add a bit here that references the docs on how to set up GitHub actions? I think there are docs where we talk about the templates? 🤔 

Or maybe we actually need to create a separate reference doc just for GitHub actions + all the actions you can do (I can create a separate issue for that). 
 

In the meantime though, maybe we can add something like this at the bottom of the section?:

```
To learn more about setting up GitHub actions for Lightdash, check out the docs here..
```
